
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-X-X-X-bX-Folder: \ExMerge - Zufferli, John\Sent Items
X-Origin: ZUFFERLI-J
X-FileName: john zufferli 6-26-02.PST


I want to install some reporting measures on position limits and VAR metrics here in Canada.  Can you give Brian Gillis the necessary access so that he can prepare the reports for me.

If you have any questions give me a call ?
 

John, as we discussed, we need access to the O:/erms/controls/rmsdata/~0RMSDBS97a.ldb database in order to run our VAR metrics model here in Calgary (enabling to report Return on VAR, efficiency ratings etc.)  If you could follow up on this on our behalf that would be great.

FYI - I have attached the last e-mail chain where I made the request.

 

--------- Inline attachment follows ---------


Looking for access, eh?
Database users have gone nuts last few months and even myself, who has access, is being told that I can't run queries I used too.  I'm thinking about putting perf report requirements into a "gooey" so IT can program.

I'll continue prodding Bharat to give you the query, and I'll see what I can do regarding the database?
Frank


 
Cc:	Bardal, Chelsea

Frank, I have no problem cc'ing you on the report - and it is basically the package of info that Bharat sent to us (RoVAR, Efficiency, Sharpe, etc.).  But Rob and John are not seeing any of these stats yet since we don't have access to the database and therefore do not have current information.  Are you the one to authorize the access?

 

Brian
What stats are Rob and John seeing?  Any chance you can cc me on report?
Frank

 
Cc:	Hayden, Frank; Bardal, Chelsea; Khanna, Bharat; Hedstrom, Peggy

Debbie, 

I was wanting to get access to the following database for myself and Chelsea Bardal:

O:/erms/controls/rmsdata/~0RMSDBS97a.ldb

We need this access so that we can query and load the VAR information for the Calgary gas desk by trader.  This information will be used to generate a weekly set of performance measures for Rob Milnthorp, the president of ECC, and John Zufferli, the head of ECC trading.

Please let me know if there will be any problems with this.

Brian