

The water could be 100 feet or more away from the dock, depending on how long 
it blows that hard.   I hope our shrimp come back.








Both!
I agree that having Matt come to our house the first time is best.
I had already looked at the weather. North winds to 25 mph. How much water
would be left in the bay?
Connecticut's new. You haven't been there with Enron have you? Better take a
coat!! Saturday the 14th is my Saturday to work. I can bring Michael with me
if necessary. No big deal.





I don't know if it is meant to make us feel better, or it just IS better.

I thought maybe Matt could come visit one of these off days.  Michael would
probably be more comfortable in his own home.  I checked the weather, and
it looks like we picked the right weekend to go to Palacios last weekend.

I'm still looking good for Monday at home.  I'll probably leave Wednesday
night to go to Connecticut, back on Friday.  It looks to me like next week
is my best travel week.

Kay








cc:


You were right, it does warm my heart. Thanks for sharing.
It certainly appears God is trying to show us we made the right decision,
don't you think.





Please tell Matt that I will talk to Michael, and I know that he will be
glad to come over soon.

As you anticipated, he is still adjusting, so he isn't fully relaxed yet,
but knowing Michael, he will settle down soon.  Are you going to be around
for the long weekend?  Maybe Matt could come over for a visit, letting
Michael build a little confidence in a familiar environment.

Kay







cc:


Dear Kay,

Glad to hear Michael has settled in already.  We seem to have a great class

and Mrs. Norris is a wonderful teacher!  Please call at any time if you
have
any questions  that I can help answer or point you in the direction of
trying
to get them answered.

We would love to have Michael over one day after school.  Matt has told me
they have been playing together and he wanted to know if he could come
over.
I told him I would talk with you and see if we could set something up.
Please call if you think Michael would like to come play and we can work
something out. (If Michael needs to settle in a while, I certainly
understand.) Our # is 713.984.0126.  Hope to hear from you soon!














